If time permitted, there are many different ways we could have worked to improve our model and better answer our question. 

One way we could improve our model in the future is by including more data, more specifically including more balanced data. We saw early on that our target variable, abortion attitude, is very unbalanced with 84% of our population falling into the legal category. This is not that suprising, considering our data came from BuzzFeed, whose audience tends to be left-leaning. In the next iterations of this project, it would be helpful to have more data about people in the illegal category because we could learn more about the differences that exist between people who fall in the illegal and legal categories. Ultimately, having more balanced data would allow us to increase our models specificity and decrease our models false positive rate. 

Another way we could improve our model in future iterations would be to gather more quantitative and qualitative demographic information on our survey participants. Right now, the data has rather basic demographic information about the participants. However, as we saw in our model more specific data, such as religiosity could be a great indicator of people’s attitudes towards abortion. It would be interesting if we knew more about people’s political beliefs or sexual habits and whether or not these would impact our models ability to predict. Either way, if we were able to know more specific demographic information the model would likely have a better chance at distinguishing and classifying people in the illegal and legal categories.

Some other paths we would explore in the future are increasing the number of categories we place people in, instead of re-factoring into smaller binary groups. By increasing the number of categories people could fall into we are leveraging our data more fully and would likely have a positive impact on our models accuracy. We could also increase the number of categories abortion attitude falls into from the simplified illegal, legal back to it’s original five categories (only illegal in some scenarios, always illegal, no opinion, etc.). The reason we decreased the number of categories in our project was to increase model efficiency and to save time. However, more time would allow us to use a larger number of categorizations, which could potentially improve the accuracy of our model. Another way we might be able to increase accuracy is by including more continuous variables, which our current model is lacking such as salary and actual household income. These continuous variables have the potential to further increase our model’s accuracy. 
